README.md, before:

# What is this for?

The **Curving Reality Flutter Library** is designed to accelerate your app development workflow.<br>
It provides a rich collection of efficient and visually appealing **UI components**, **ready-to-use screens**, and practical **services**, including powerful tools for **forms validation**.<br>
<br>
Its core mission is to **reduce boilerplate code and simplify common development tasks**, allowing you to deliver **high-quality applications more quickly**.<br>
While focusing on productivity, the library also emphasizes **design consistency** and **user experience**, helping you create apps that are not only functional but also beautifully crafted.

# Docs and examples

[Click here](https://curvingreality.github.io/flutter-library/#/)

# How to use

---

## Install

Run this command in your Flutter project to install the library

```
flutter pub add curving_reality_library
```

If you want to use the ready-to-use screens you need to add the [animate_do package](https://pub.dev/packages/animate_do)

## Import

Import the global library file, or the single ones.

```dart
import 'package:curving_reality_library/curving_reality_library.dart'; // Global
import 'package:curving_reality_library/services/storage.dart'; // Specific service
import 'package:curving_reality_library/widgets/button.dart'; // Specific widget
...
```

## Dependencies

Some **components**, **screens** and **services** have external packages dependencies. This is the full list:

| Components / Screens / Services                                                           | Dependencies                                                                                                                                                                                |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `CuReScaffold. All the screens`                                                           | [animate_do](https://pub.dev/packages/animate_do)                                                                                                                                           |
| `CuReUtils.openUrl, CuReLink, CuRePaywallScreen, CuReRegistrationScreen, CuReLoginScreen` | [url_launcher](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher)                                                                                                                                       |
| `CuReLoginScreen, CuReRegistrationScreen`                                                 | [font_awesome_flutter](https://pub.dev/packages/font_awesome_flutter)                                                                                                                       |
| `CuReAvatar`                                                                              | [cached_network_image](https://pub.dev/packages/cached_network_image)                                                                                                                       |
| `CuRePaywallScreen`                                                                       | [intl](https://pub.dev/packages/intl)                                                                                                                                                       |
| `CuReSupabaseService`                                                                     | [supabase_flutter](https://pub.dev/packages/supabase_flutter), [google_sign_in](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in), [sign_in_with_apple](https://pub.dev/packages/sign_in_with_apple) |

<hr>

# Future Developments

We’re just getting started – here’s what’s coming next for **Curving Reality Flutter Library**:

**🛠 Refactoring**<br>
• Cleaner, faster, and more maintainable codebase.<br>
• Consistent patterns to make contributions and usage easier.

**🧩 New Widgets**<br>
• Fresh reusable UI widgets to cover more use cases.<br>
• Focus on flexibility, customization, and accessibility.

**📱 New Screens**<br>
• Ready-to-use screens and flows for common app scenarios.<br>
• Designed to save time and keep your apps beautiful out of the box.

**✨ Polished Details & Animations**<br>
• Smoother transitions and delightful micro-interactions.<br>
• Pixel-perfect refinements for an even more professional look.

**📝 Improve the Docs**<br>
• Clear docs = happy developers.<br>
• Fix typos, add and improve examples, or explain things in a simpler way.

⸻

🚀 Our mission is to keep evolving and making app development with Flutter faster, simpler, and more fun – while never compromising on design quality.

## What are we working on

- ✅ New button type
- ✅ Custom checkboxes
- ✅ Custom radio buttons
- ✅ "Insert code" type field
- [ ] Custom dialogs and bottom sheets
- [ ] Improved text fields UI

<hr>

# How to Contribute

We’d love your help to make **Curving Reality Flutter Library** grow and get even better! ❤️

Here’s how you can join the journey:

**🐞 Report Issues**<br>
• Spotted a bug? Open an issue and let us know.<br>
• The more details (steps, screenshots, expected vs. actual behavior), the better!

**💡 Suggest Features**<br>
• Have an idea that could improve the library?<br>
• Share it in the issues section – we’re always open to new ideas!

**⭐ Support the Project**<br>
• Give the repo a star ⭐ to spread the word.<br>
• Consider supporting the development by purchasing a commercial license if you use it in professional projects.<br>This helps us keep building new features and improving the library.

⸻

✨ No contribution is too small. Whether you report a bug, suggest a feature, or just support the project, you’re making a difference. <br>Thank you for being part of **Curving Reality** 🚀

<hr>

# Who is Curving Reality?

[Curving Reality](https://www.curvingreality.com/) is an italian software house that develops mobile and web apps.

Commit message:

osi license and readme update

README.md, after:

# What is this for?

The **Curving Reality Flutter Library** is designed to accelerate your app development workflow.<br>
It provides a rich collection of efficient and visually appealing **UI components**, **ready-to-use screens**, and practical **services**, including powerful tools for **forms validation**.<br>
<br>
Its core mission is to **reduce boilerplate code and simplify common development tasks**, allowing you to deliver **high-quality applications more quickly**.<br>
While focusing on productivity, the library also emphasizes **design consistency** and **user experience**, helping you create apps that are not only functional but also beautifully crafted.

# Docs and examples

[Click here](https://curvingreality.github.io/flutter-library/#/)

# How to use

---

## Install

Run this command in your Flutter project to install the library

```
flutter pub add curving_reality_library
```

If you want to use the ready-to-use screens you need to add the [animate_do package](https://pub.dev/packages/animate_do)

## Import

Import the global library file, or the single ones.

```dart
import 'package:curving_reality_library/curving_reality_library.dart'; // Global
import 'package:curving_reality_library/services/storage.dart'; // Specific service
import 'package:curving_reality_library/widgets/button.dart'; // Specific widget
...
```

## Dependencies

Some **components**, **screens** and **services** have external packages dependencies. This is the full list:

| Components / Screens / Services                                                           | Dependencies                                                                                                                                                                                |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `CuReScaffold. All the screens`                                                           | [animate_do](https://pub.dev/packages/animate_do)                                                                                                                                           |
| `CuReUtils.openUrl, CuReLink, CuRePaywallScreen, CuReRegistrationScreen, CuReLoginScreen` | [url_launcher](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher)                                                                                                                                       |
| `CuReLoginScreen, CuReRegistrationScreen`                                                 | [font_awesome_flutter](https://pub.dev/packages/font_awesome_flutter)                                                                                                                       |
| `CuReAvatar`                                                                              | [cached_network_image](https://pub.dev/packages/cached_network_image)                                                                                                                       |
| `CuRePaywallScreen`                                                                       | [intl](https://pub.dev/packages/intl)                                                                                                                                                       |
| `CuReSupabaseService`                                                                     | [supabase_flutter](https://pub.dev/packages/supabase_flutter), [google_sign_in](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in), [sign_in_with_apple](https://pub.dev/packages/sign_in_with_apple) |

<hr>

# Future Developments

We’re just getting started – here’s what’s coming next for **Curving Reality Flutter Library**:

**🛠 Refactoring**<br>
• Cleaner, faster, and more maintainable codebase.<br>
• Consistent patterns to make contributions and usage easier.

**🧩 New Widgets**<br>
• Fresh reusable UI widgets to cover more use cases.<br>
• Focus on flexibility, customization, and accessibility.

**📱 New Screens**<br>
• Ready-to-use screens and flows for common app scenarios.<br>
• Designed to save time and keep your apps beautiful out of the box.

**✨ Polished Details & Animations**<br>
• Smoother transitions and delightful micro-interactions.<br>
• Pixel-perfect refinements for an even more professional look.

**📝 Improve the Docs**<br>
• Clear docs = happy developers.<br>
• Fix typos, add and improve examples, or explain things in a simpler way.

⸻

🚀 Our mission is to keep evolving and making app development with Flutter faster, simpler, and more fun – while never compromising on design quality.

## What are we working on

- ✅ New button type
- ✅ Custom checkboxes
- ✅ Custom radio buttons
- ✅ "Insert code" type field
- [ ] Custom dialogs and bottom sheets
- [ ] Improved text fields UI

<hr>

# How to Contribute

We’d love your help to make **Curving Reality Flutter Library** grow and get even better! ❤️

Here’s how you can join the journey:

**🐞 Report Issues**<br>
• Spotted a bug? Open an issue and let us know.<br>
• The more details (steps, screenshots, expected vs. actual behavior), the better!

**💡 Suggest Features**<br>
• Have an idea that could improve the library?<br>
• Share it in the issues section – we’re always open to new ideas!

**⭐ Support the Project**<br>
• Give the repo a star ⭐ to spread the word.<br>
• Consider supporting the development by donating. Even a small amount can make a huge difference.
<br>This helps us keep building new features and improving the library.

[Donate Now ❤️](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=UNF6D5BHMZXVQ)

✨ No contribution is too small. Whether you report a bug, suggest a feature, or just support the project, you’re making a difference. <br>Thank you for being part of **Curving Reality** 🚀

<hr>

# Who is Curving Reality?

[Curving Reality](https://www.curvingreality.com/) is a project idea created by an italian solo developer.
